My name is Razan Munir
Arfat. I am 11 years old. I am from Gaza, from the Gaza Strip, from
Olive. We were at home, sitting at the same
time. At one o’clock, she
went to pray until I found something dusty, and I found
myself on the ground, and my feet were
all bloody, and people were screaming and crying. And so the smoke went away.
They put us in the house of people, Dar Al-Thalateen,
which  Then they dropped us off. Then, my father’s friend came and
took us on the plane to recover. When we were in
the hospital, I lost my mother, my parents, my only brother, and
two sisters. We went to his hunting place and then we sat.
Then we went to my aunt’s and we came to him on the plane. There were
Jews in Kuwait and when I arrived there were
a lot of people and it was crowded.  There is a lot of traffic, and he has a bruise
on his leg, and something like this happens, and I am crying. Then
we arrived at
Sirat, and we turned and rode. We went straight to
Al-Nusrat, but we went to
our neighbors’ house, thinking that they were helping me, and I
thank them very much, my uncles, my cousins, my
aunts, and my sisters, they were helping me.
In conversation, they tell me that tomorrow you will
ride my side and start running. She is the one I
loved. Stop the war and we live like children. I
don’t want my legs to be like this. I mean, we will play
and go to the neighborhood and play with the children and play
with
my cousins. subscribe
chest